Namaste and welcome to this exciting new episode of Saptology debunking mythology.
Saptology means science of truth or study of truth.
Opposite of that is mythology which means science or study of fake lie or imagination.
Thank you so much for liking our videos and subscribing to it in such big numbers.
If you want to get all the latest content do subscribe and let me know your feedback,
comments are important. Today I have a very special guest on the show and his second book
is coming out, will be out shortly maybe and he will also be the part of our Lit Fest,
Krishna Lit Fest in San Diego on August 25. You can meet him here and get your book signed
and autographed by him. So let us welcome Dr. Ankit Shah.
Namaste. Namaste.
Namaste.
Ye duniya mein chal kya raha hai?
Ye question hai sabko.
Chal kya raha hai abhi?
So now, France has openly said that they want to move away from the unipolar world.
And secondly, we have seen that other countries in Europe also opposing the war and Russia
seems to be closing the war.
And by the time American weapons reach, the war will be over.
So tell me in detail what's going on right now.
So We have seen how Ukrainian Officials from the ministries
are visiting Delhi.
And they are talking How
India can have a role in establishing peace talks
and stuff like that.
So I think the Ukrain have exhausted due to what is going on to some extent
But I think that until the objectives of this conflict are not completed,
the war will continue.
And because it is scripted, it is very clear.
So you will see how the crisis events of the West
will have to be pulled to justify it.
But, as per what is seen, I feel that before the G20 summit in September, India should
want to reach a consensus on peace talks, at least, and reach a conclusion.
Right?
Before the leaders' summit.
So, in that direction, we see how the Ukrainian officials have come to Delhi and they are
They are saying that India's role is to be Vishwa Guru and kind of buttering..
Let's see if there is a solution.
They have also invited our National Security Advisor Ajit Doval to Ukraine.
Let's see what happens next.
But this whole direction,
in which I tell you how the currency's reset, banking crisis, sovereign debt crisis,
all this is visible ahead.
So you will see that the wave of decolonization that I told you about and what I have predicted
is that by 2025-2026, whatever capital trimming of Western assets is going to happen under
this reset, which is highly inflated because of reserve currency bubble, this bubble is
going to burst.
You can see the example of how big properties, I had tweeted that they are being sold at
being sold at half the price.
So, there are some comments that these cycles are going on, but this is not that cycle.
According to me, this is that permanent capital trimming, which is a very natural thing when
the reserve currency bubble bursts.
So, a lot of real estate properties, especially commercial ones, will be seen empty.
It is possible that some commercial properties may be converted into housing etc.
So you will see this in the West.
Along with that, you will see the UK's properties which are very inflated will also come down.
There will be issues in pension funds.
So all these inflated assets of the West will come down this year.
and we are seeing that in the wave of decolonization,
Emmanuel Macron of France and I have told you that there is a cut in socialist freebies in all western economies
because in this way, endless printing of currency will not be possible
once we go into the pegged currency world.
So, we saw in France that they started with the pension reform.
So, because of that, the protest started in France, which has now become very aggravated.
And, somewhere, Emmanuel Macron also understands that after the exit of Afghanistan,
many nationalist leaders of Europe understood that it was a fake war on terror.
There was no real war on terror.
and that's why, you know, the protests, Macron had an understanding that
maybe this protest is being organized by some western elements,
so he also put some income tax rates on the big banks,
from where he thinks it was being organized.
So we saw this opposition and then Macron went to China. I think he is now very exhausted from this NATO alliance and fake war on terror and Ukraine script etc.
France is clearly understanding that it is like a sandwich between Russia and the USA.
He visited China and met Xi Jinping for 4-5 hours.
After that, he made a big deal out of Taiwan.
Almost like saying that what is our relation with him.
That kind of a tone.
And then you also saw that he used a word which is very interesting.
He said Strategic Autonomy.
The word strategic autonomy is used only by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs.
The interesting thing to see here is that the Chinese leadership is Xi Jinping.
Because we are seeing a lot of reports that China is a replacement, China is a new global power,
Yuan can replace dollar. We are reading a lot of these reports in the mainstream media.
I don't believe this because I have already put a question mark on it that Yuan cannot be a good store of value.
So if Yuan is not a good store of value to save any nation in its reserves,
everyone will be ready for the transaction because China is a manufacturing giant and supplies everyone.
So, everything is ready for trade in Yuan and bilateral currencies.
But when it comes to saving, then Yuan is not a good store of value.
Why? Because its transparency is in question mark.
If Yuan was so strong that it could replace the dollar and all the nations would trust it,
then there was no need to make a BRICS currency.
The very fact that BRICS currency is working on formula
means that
and digital yuan has been launched for 3-4 years
it's such a big failure.
What I said that no country
will want to keep in savings
it will want to get rid of it immediately.
Some yuan has been collected, they will immediately purchase some and empty it.
So if it is not a good store of value
then it is not for savings and if it is not for savings then it's not a reserve currency.
So I feel that Macron used the word strategic autonomy for Xi Jinping, which was also for the US on Taiwan issue.
Europe wants to adopt strategic autonomy in the future, neither according to China nor according to America.
So basically he is saying that we will act according to India.
Because terminology is also the same, strategic autonomy.
And I had predicted this last year itself that France has offered that partnership to India.
No questions asked.
Whatever you say, whatever you do.
And this has happened because in Afghanistan, after being a fool for 20 years,
a war on terror was going on.
The way the Taliban got a red carpet welcome and left.
And then how the submarine deals in Aukus were snatched from France.
So this is all unraveled. France is now very clear that they have become very stupid.
This NATO and EU and the alliance West collective.
And not just that, Macron has also put a question mark on the dollar.
So, let's see how much Xi Jinping will get,
whether he is the leader of Gulf countries,
because Xi Jinping went to Gulf countries for 3 days for Arab Summit,
to check that if I decouple from West,
then how much commitment I will get,
and I got to know that he got 30 billion,
30 billions, which is just peanuts.
So, wherever Xi Jinping or American leadership will go,
that no matter where you are, whether it is Africa, the big nations of the UK or the nations
of the Indian subcontinent, you will hear the same voice from everywhere and that is
India.
And there is a very clear reason for this that trust and transparency are the two things
that only Indian diplomacy has been able to show.
If you are an American ally, then how much can you trust, the allies know.
If you are trading with China, you know that how can you keep the digital yuan in reserve currency, no matter how much you trade.
You don't know what will be the fluctuation and manipulation.
So I think the way Macron used the word strategic autonomy,
the way the Prime Minister used the term Voice of Global South Summit,
and the way the currency of BRICS is working
I don't think Yuan can replace the dollar
Now we are talking about the world of pegged currency
or what is called fiat currency
so any currency has its valuation on three things
one is
that the component of pegged commodities
in that currency.
Second is that
how productive
is your population
and what kind of product
can it make that the world needs
at competitive rate.
And the third part is the evaluation
of currency that
what is the global demand of that currency.
Right. One portion
of which is
whether countries want to keep it in savings or not.
Second is whether they want to keep it for trade or not.
So we will see that as soon as this whole pegged currency goes into the world, the West will not be able to afford to purchase from Asia.
Because there are natural resources and reserves, but the population is so productive that to be able to make such a product, which can be given to the world at competitive pricing,
...
almost zero . because we havent seen much from west other than Defance or Tech.
or deface maximum use..
because I dont think
many of those world war experts
were started accepting de dollarization
were now saying world war is about to happen..
They don't even know that if America had the capacity to wage war with Russia and China,
then there was no need for this fake Ukrainian conflict.
So the very fact that this Ukrainian conflict is going on, means that de-dollarization will
be given a free pass.
So we are seeing that defense is not needed anymore.
I mean, okay, if someone is taking US weapons, then what is the kind of trustworthiness in terms of supply?
When crisis comes, will we get supply or not?
Sometimes we talk about sanctioning allies, in the morning we talk about sanctioning,
in the afternoon we talk about strategic partnership,
and in the evening we say that supply is an issue of human rights and minority.
So, this instability in policies that we see in the West,
and because of that, even if they have good technology weapons,
their economy is not able to function.
As far as the last portion is concerned,
the productivity of the population,
we have discussed this many times before,
that these people have destroyed the family institutions
by giving socialist freebies.
So, that productivity will come,
if they can make something on Asian competitive pricing to sell,
It will take a decade for manufacturing and supply chains.
And what I predicted that all mines are coming out.
Now India has declared that rare earth minerals have also been found.
So all these are coming out because they want to peg the currency.
So now we have to tell what is there.
Till now all the nations had hidden it.
It will come in public that I have so many reserves.
because now the currency will be pegged. It's a simple thing.
You mentioned, there is an arrogance type in the American State Department.
First, the kids make state policy and they have no idea.
They have all studied from Berkeley and have come from here, from all the leftist institutions.
In fact, Harvard is the most leftist, almost communist.
and they are still living in the old cold war mentality.
In 1945 we made France independent, why is France speaking against us?
This is what they are asking.
They are asking why people think the way they think.
This is the actual question. Why are they thinking like this?
So, what is to be told for that American arrogance?
I think as soon as the economic might goes, the colonial hangover will also go away.
This is what I see it.
Because it has become a habit to release indexes and reports on everyone.
Collect criminals from every country, then release a report that the judicial system of that country is bad.
and the criminal ran away.
So they collect the reports and then
report that the judicial system
is bad in that country.
So all this is very cheap
and everyone knows
that these things are happening.
From everywhere
collect Vijay, Malaya, Nirav,
Modi and all of them
and then report
that your judicial system is weak,
your financial system is weak,
it becomes a fraud.
The legislative setting is very bad and studial.
Everyone knows that they do such politics.
Because I told you that they neither know about economics nor about diplomacy.
If they knew about diplomacy, they would have known that this is not how diplomacy is done.
This is like using criminals as a bargaining chip.
Why don't they look at their own law system and economics?
If they knew about it.
I know that in your legal system there are many DPs
In your legal format, Justice system
In that, George Soros and other big capitalists
have bought so many attorneys and judges
Everybody knows it
that it is not their place and they take out other people's reports
Jay Shankar just gave a bite in a media
He said that when we start talking, they won't like it
So you also have gun shootings, you have no reason, which is a symbolism of some mental issue.
It's a mental health issue that if there is violence for no reason,
if there is violence in any part of the world, then the person who is going to do it has some logic to do it.
You have no reason gun shootings, without any reason, without any logic.
It's not terrorism that it's based on a religious doctrine.
So this is a serious big mental issue.
You can pick up your own syllabus and see what is being taught to your children in the West.
There are gender related issues, transgender related stuff.
Children are being deliberately instigated, impressionable minds,
What can be your gender?
You should find out.
The entire network of the pharma industry has taken over your family in the West.
You can see how the parents don't even know.
Everything is outsourcing.
Your kitchen is outsourcing.
Your parenting is outsourcing.
I don't know.
I think it's a very sick society.
What has turned into the West.
And I am not surprised that this is the case.
The reason is that the addiction of fiat currency, of endless printing,
who created a false narrative that the West is rich,
we are very rich,
they don't even know that printing machine is running here,
it is because of this.
Not that they are smart or they are economic wise or anything.
So India didn't have any reserve currency.
not have reserve currency when we gave 27% on an average to world GDP.
For 1700 years we gave 27% to world GDP without English language and without reserve currency.
What reserve currency did we have?
So they don't know how to do economics, how to earn money.
All those economists like Raghuram Rajan who follow the western template
will talk about spending and consumption, stimulus, increase the liquidity supply of money
and use such big words which people don't know about.
They are saying to print money in the printing machine.
That is what they are saying.
These big economists who pretend to be economists
have been doing this for so many years and follow the western template.
Why? Because of the 20% reserve currency status of the euro currency and 59% of the dollar.
So, because all the countries in the West have printing machines,
all these economists have run the worldwide idea that the government should push spending and consumption by supply of money.
So, the only solution to every economic problem is to increase liquidity and supply of money.
You can see how all the families were destroyed in the West.
You can see the result.
So they have destroyed their entire society just for keeping the reserve currency status.
To remain rich for free, they used the printing machine for 4-5 decades.
And their entire society has been destroyed.
which is very important which is why they don't know anything about savings.
You will never see an economist who is talking about savings.
Why? Because the West has printing machines.
They will talk about GDP, they will talk about per capita income.
What is in the formula of GDP?
It measures the performance of a country for a year.
When you are measuring a year's performance in GDP or quarter wise, you cannot take a capital amount in such a short term.
They are keeping capital investment in the formula. Why? It's a capital item.
If you are measuring performance for one year, why do you put a capital item?
Because you had a printing machine.
So the capitalists in your country will take 10 crores today and after a month they will take 10 crores loan again.
Because they are getting it in less interest.
Till now it was going on like this.
Right.
So on that GDP, they make other countries work that you are poor.
Why are we poor when your formula is wrong for GDP.
So this whole joke has become like a joke in the world because they think that history started with them and economics started with them.
So this is, you know, and then you will see all the education institutes here, there are also professors of economics, you will go and tell them.
If you ask, they will say spending and consumption.
No one is telling about savings.
Why is it not telling about savings?
Because the West has a printing machine.
Okay.
All the population here, who admires the West,
Western lifestyle, oh, the government gives this benefit,
there they give Medicaid, they put it in the retirement fund,
they give COVID checks, they give income security,
they give food stamps, this and that.
These people don't know, the rest of the countries,
that Americans are getting all this from your pocket.
So, this whole mechanism of loot,
mechanism of making financial colony,
and because reserve currency status went from pound to dollar,
I had posted last year that
independence has to be got from Britain now
because leadership went from pound to dollar.
So nobody, no country is independent.
It's a financial colony.
Federal reserve is the central bank of all the central banks of the world.
So whenever a country wants to work on monetary or fiscal policy, it has to first look at the policy of the Federal Reserve.
Why?
Because that is what will decide the path.
Right?
So you will see that the new development that has happened, the new bank of Japan's governor has come.
I think that as the crisis events unfold, Japan's relations with the United States will be very bad.
This is what I can foresee.
Actually, you have touched upon a lot of points.
Number one, on American prosperity, 30% of Americans are poor.
official report is 29.1% actually but around 30% we can say. 30% is poor and
when the world's richest country is said to be like this, 30% do not have a home and
can only have one meal at a time, can't eat even twice. And the second new trend
is that everyone is selling their homes and going to apartments and hotels.
I was in Maryland for the Hindu Dharma Convention, so the hotel where I was
I was living in that hotel and there were people on my floor who were thrown out of the house.
Now I am living in a hotel.
And how I am living in a hotel is because the government is funding them.
And the whole floor is filled with them.
I didn't feel that this is a hotel. I felt like a barrack.
So many people on the floor of a hotel.
So this is the actual condition and I feel very sad to see it.
I had never seen America like this.
And the second thing is that infrastructure is getting damaged everywhere.
And one thing I didn't understand, it is such a big country, why there is no alternative
for national travel by trains?
I didn't understand this.
You can travel only by planes.
Means they want to control the access point and the arrival point.
Where people go and come.
If there are roads, it will be independent.
There will be trains.
While the train network is a very big network in America.
Only for the freight.
It is not for passengers.
So this is the actual infrastructure here.
One question is that you talked about mental disease.
There is a report of McDonald's food, in that human body parts are found in the chain.
One inspection has been done.
Randomly.
I think they have made everyone a cannibals.
(Freinds, Bothers dont eat there ever as you may never know what is being served to you) AI is going to do jobs, it has been automated.
So what will be the impact of AI on this existing condition?
is also going on in the west. So as I told in the previous talks that whenever extreme
capitalism happens, a communist solution comes in its solution. So you will see that AI is
coming or then what they are telling about universal basic income, all this or the CBDC
which is a digital dollar Fed now
which is a payment interface
as you can see water testing
has already been done
that many western parks
have stopped accepting cash
so this will be the
maximum
then they are saying
physical currency notes is causing
climate change basically trying
to demonize the physical
currency notes so all this
indicates that
And this is a very normal thing that when you are bringing back manufacturing home,
which you had outsourced to China, then it is a simple thing that if you want to make
Made in USA product competitive, then those communist theories have to come, if you want
to get labor to work with a low salary, etc.
You are bringing machines, still it is a kind of a control because you have to give socialist
freebies, income security, or the universal basic income.
So I see that once China gets its valuations flipped in the world,
China's currency will go up in terms of production.
So the West will not be able to afford.
But the Chinese population will benefit the most.
Why?
Because they will earn more money than they were earning before.
And people will have time for leisure.
So, I see that when the Chinese society will move away from the export-oriented model,
I mean, as the exports of the West will decrease,
So that society will start becoming liberal. Russia will become one of the top two richest countries in the world.
Because as I have said, natural resources are still there.
Accordingly, it is the highest.
But despite that, the Arctic will melt. It is a huge treasure that will come out.
And then the dominance of its army on the new sea routes, after the Arctic melts,
it's going to become the top two richest country.
So I see that Russia and China society will be liberalized
through the decade and the American society or western societies
are going towards communism. This is what I can foresee
because whenever there is an economic crisis or
you have to bring home manufacturing, there will be pollution,
low-priced labor to take made in USA products to a consumable price point.
And you can see that tensions have already started.
This is not a surprise.
I had a 1.5 hour speech in 2016
where I predicted three things that Trump will win the election.
I am talking about 2016.
Second prediction was that the day China is ready to face unemployment, the world of fiat reserve currency will end.
And my third prediction was gold backed digital currency.
So I am seeing all three of them.
Now Texas has put a notification on gold coins.
Tennessee is also moving towards gold coins.
And I think there is a provision in your constitution for gold coins.
officially, so there is no legal question mark on any of the US states not following the track of
what the federal government says. So, in the future, I will see that the friction between the
state and the federal government is going to increase. This is what I can foresee in the West.
And I used to say this from the beginning that due to the torture of Chinese labor,
the West is looting the fun of democracy and freedom format.
So when they come out of this torture,
you will see that the Western democracies will start facing danger from within.
So I think this is all going in the same direction.
Now, suddenly the UK, I don't know whether you read it or not, I saw that anyone keeping
more than 1000 pounds in cash and not transacting in the UK digital currency, then they can
be jailed also.
This is pure, this is pure, they have put a fiat on people.
This is not a matter of currency.
but I am saying that we have to do this in the future because the crisis is very big.
You understand one thing that how these western nations have to earn money, they don't know.
So the printing machine, the first 300 years that I say again and again,
the first 300 years by looting India, Britain built US, Canada and Australia from Indian loot.
and now in the last 150 years, printing machines have been printed in the format of pound and US dollar reserve currency and they think it is wealth.
Now, as soon as they will go into the world of Pagged Currency, they will have to work for earning money.
I don't know how they will manage, I find it very doubtful.
I feel sad, as I said family institutions, because their marriages are not intact,
that the education of children should be completed without a loan, without a debt.
If there is no backing of the family, then how will the career be completed?
Their parents change, while graduating, 2-3 times.
I don't know how this society will be able to give productivity or output,
printing machine will shut down. I am really doubtful. I don't know how much chaos will come.
I have predicted riots, I know. But how severe will be the controls because
for the reset, massive control will be required. The state will have to control everyone.
entire access to money. Actually, they are controlling it completely because very few
people can move. The civilized people who are mainstream Americans, they can hardly move also.
Everyone is dependent. And a new culture has also come of two jobs, three jobs, but manufacturing
is not there because they need laborers for manufacturing. And that's why they are also
are promoting the construction because there is nobody to work in their factories.
So, people will come in that way.
But unfortunately, the people who are coming here, no labourer wants to go there.
Everybody wants an office job in the city.
As I was seeing a report, there is a local report here, construction workers have reduced
by almost 50% despite the immigration being very high.
So defies all the logic.
How are construction workers getting less while immigration is at the top?
This means that the people who are coming are not going to those jobs.
They do not have the skill set to go to those jobs.
And there are a lot of people from India as well.
I saw a live video yesterday of how they are crossing from Mexico.
But generally people have a belief that the government will take care of everything.
Like they saw the past crisis, they will also take care of it.
But Americans also have no idea about the severity.
And second, due to insurance agencies, healthcare is very expensive.
Very, very expensive.
If there is a small toothache or a slight sprain in the eye, then everything is out
of reach of common people.
Now question comes in, now that if this is the condition of the insurance agencies of
US or Bharat may be insurance concept will that even work?
Because Bharat tradition was always right and free.
But now we are seeing that concept is also there that you have to pay for the health
care.
So, how long will this import of American idea, failed economic system, how will the
developing countries sustain?
So, developing countries, particularly the Asian and Global South nations, I feel that
because, as I said, there has been a wave of decolonization, where in France and Germany,
we have seen how pre-schools are in Gurukul mode, outside open air education, forest life
Australia is saying that we are removing the British Monarchs from the currency.
In Africa, they are abusing.
In California, the African-American community has asked for reparations for colonial torture.
Italy has said that they will ban the English language.
So this is a wave of decolonization in which pharma will also be touched upon.
upon ho ga? Iska reason ye hai kyuki bahut saari humari traditional jo methods thi medicine
ki. Main bade wale operations kiya uski baat nahi kar raha jisme modern technology lagti
hai abhi jo lagti hai. Kisi ka accident ho gaya that all. I am not talking about that.
Main baat kar raha hu wo chote chote ailments ki jo jiska aade se zyada solution humari
kitchen ki andar hota hai ayurvedic bolo ya yunani paddhati bolo ya traditional kitchen
based medicines bolo. To ye iska bhi ek generic medicine ye saare iske iske pure bahut bade
scope badenge physiotherapy and all this. To ye saare alternate medicine jo treatments
hai. Mujhe lagta hai usme bahut zyada homeopathy ho gaya. Usme bahut zyada scope hai jo Bharat
India can provide the whole world with training, supplies, and knowledge system transfer which is beneficial for everyone.
This does not harm your body or your health because all these are natural treatments.
So there are no side effects in this.
So I think that the whole wave of decolonization will start.
So there will be recognition that allopathy is not probably that advisable for this small
kind of ailments, which we can treat ourselves at home.
So this awakening awareness will come automatically.
You mentioned the cost of pharma.
This is not a surprise, Aditya ji.
Wherever freebies are distributed,
in any country,
wherever you talk about socialism,
the products that are connected to it
are sold at a very high price to the general public.
For example, you have a Medicaid facility there.
Now, how effective is that Medicaid coverage?
That is a side note.
But because of that, the impact of private sector pharma
because of this Medicaid benefit,
the impact is that all the costs related to medicine or treatment
that will go skyrocket.
And this is not a surprise.
Suppose I give an example,
if Arvind Kejriwal is saying that free electricity,
then it is a simple thing that whoever is going to be charged for electricity,
The one who is not getting it for free, will be the one who will be paying for it.
So, the general public, the freebies they get, the prices of all the related products go up suddenly.
So, I am not surprised that the insurance and medicine treatment related costs are more expensive in the West.
It is very obvious.
When you talk about India, our Prime Minister has brought a lot of schemes.
Suppose a poor person has to cover 5 lakhs in operations by getting a card made.
These are all schemes.
But this is a filter only for the poor people.
There are economic criteria and the other is that these operations or benefits are only to ensure that poor families are not in debt trouble just because of one disease.
So to secure that, now you cannot compare this with any western economy.
This is not happening in western economy.
The problem of western economy is different.
Your problem is that you have given Medicaid to a vast majority of population
who probably did not even need that Medicaid.
Right, they did not even need that benefit.
But because you have given it, the private sector, pharma and medicine costs have skyrocketed.
They have become the outcome of it.
Because you have given the benefit of Medicaid to those who did not deserve it.
So, because of that, after so many decades, the trickle-down impact has come that
which could have been done 30 years ago without Medicaid.
Now, it cannot afford without Medicaid and the taxes and cuts imposed by Medicaid
have become expensive and the private sector has become completely mischievous.
Whatever they want to charge.
So, these are the negative impacts of socialism.
So, communism and capitalism at extreme ends
complement each other.
It works like this.
One has to exploit, only then the communist comes in solution.
And then the communist becomes an excuse for the private sector
that now we have to charge otherwise how will we run the business.
So, by complimenting like this, they exploit the masses.
Actually, you have explained it in great detail because this is exactly what is happening.
And the American scholarly pride, scholarly consensus pride.
One last question.
The academic system has scholarly consensus where only the European thought process is
promoted.
No non-European thought process is promoted.
And because of that, people like me and others who have an alternative version of American
history get sidelined.
And we don't have a problem, we sell more because of that.
So we want them to continue what they are doing.
for the State Department of USA to talk with any other country, it's a big problem for the other country, not for the State Department.
So, now the African Union has also started abusing. So, what is the future of this scholarly consensus or rather unholy, unscholarly consensus?
We have to see the backward linkage of this, Mr. Aditya.
As soon as the pegged currency goes into the world,
no matter how many excuses it gives, whether it is AI or climate change,
whatever the currency reset is, whatever name it gives,
the immediate action that will come after this,
we will see that many academic colleges will be locked.
Because if colleges are not able to guarantee jobs even after 15-20 years of investment,
then that education system automatically collapses.
So, this whole nexus that you are talking about, where a twisted history is deliberately taught,
because there are some vested interests which are given psychological impact by young impressionable minds
and because we need masses like that who are blank, who don't know history,
or who know wrong history or twisted history.
A lot of vested interest is needed for this to happen.
So I think when the economy of jobs collapses, the whole setup of automatic academics that was supporting vested interest will also come into question.
and then it will be completely unraveled.
Now the question is here and I am not, frankly speaking, I am, to be very honest,
I don't think that the nations of the West have that much wisdom and why should we expect that wisdom
because they were born 300-400 years ago, 500 years ago, so they were born just now,
How can you expect them to have the wisdom to run their lives, what should be the economics, what is a family institution, what is a relationship, what is religion, what is the role of religion in economics?
I don't think we should expect this wisdom from the West.
Because when they came here, they came to destroy everything.
They didn't come here to adopt anything.
So I think this is our responsibility as Indians to dig out and show the guiding path to the world.
And I see how France is doing and you will see Greece will also come.
One by one, the EU nations will have their first awakening because there is a crisis there.
You have to come late for your crisis.
So, EU nations, I think India can contribute a lot in European societies and can help solve their problems with our ancient India wisdom.
But they have to learn, like Macron himself has come.
So, such leaders have to come and say that we are clueless, now help us.
So when this...
Because one time will come when...
Because I tell you that this is our century.
So one time will come when India will have to say,
"You all sit quietly, you have to do what we are telling you."
So India will have to take this role ahead aggressively.
Which some of the tricks of which Jai Shankar Ji shows sometimes.
He gives some trailers, some...
When he gives bites.
But it has to be more aggressive and that is for the benefit of humanity.
All the embassies of India will have to build a temple.
Then we will have to say that you guys build a temple of Lord Hanuman and we will talk about it.
Some counter condition has to be there.
Maybe there is so much of stubbornness in our politicians.
We will be expecting that.
will be expecting that.
they can be conter questioned
and asked straight away to stop cow slaughter in whole America and Asia and establish Temples altogather..
The question mark of Indian economics is still a little bit ahead.
I am talking about wide acceptability.
Even the masses should understand that all this was wrong.
So when that acknowledgement will come
and they will see that Indian economics has been going on for 1700 years,
is still going on, is still in autopilot mode and is moving forward.
So because the mindset of the West is such that they weigh everything in money.
So, till the time you don't show economic prosperity to India, India will not get that role to guide us.
So, a big boom will take a decade.
And then you will see that the Sanatan economics model that I am talking about,
If they ask from the front, they will say that this is right, because this is what is preserving
the life cycle, then it must be correct.
Right.
Thank you so much, Ankit ji and friends and friends who are watching our show, please
like, share, subscribe and you can make notes on all this information, you can also code
or joh koi video banal na chahata hai isme shorts to mere ko jaroor bhejiye before we
publish them on our channel.
Namaste and Thank you.
[ Music ]